docs: apply Snyk writing-style skill to Developer tools pages (#1369)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/scm-integrations/organization-level-integrations/gitlab.md

#### Fix vulnerabilities with Snyk merge requests

> When viewing a Snyk test report for a Snyk Project that you own or when looking at a GitLab Project that you are watching with Snyk, you see two (2) options for fixing a vulnerability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When viewing a Snyk test report for a Snyk Project that you own or when looking at a GitLab Project that you are watching with Snyk, you see the following options for fixing a vulnerability:
```
